All right. Let's think about auto-scaling with CPU or memory.
So one of the really powerful things about the container system is that,
you have the ability to particularly cluster
a pod or particularly allocate CPU or memory to a specific portion of your application.
The horizontal pod autoscaler automatically
scales the number of pods in a replication controller.
So you can see in this scenario,
there's a several pods that have deployment and there's
this horizontal pod autoscaler that automatically
decides how many containers should launch back and forth.
If you look at the horizontal pod auto scaling,
it doesn't necessarily have to apply to objects that can't be scaled.
It can scale many different aspects of your application.
So the horizontal pod autoscaler is implemented as a Kubernetes API.
What this means is that,
it can tie into other commercial resources or it can tie into
some other home-grown monitoring and scaling system that you've generated yourself.
The main takeaway though,
is that you do have the ability to customize
auto scales and whether scales In CPU or memory or both.